changing existing commands, having backward compactibility (#44476)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleDrive/ReleaseNotes/1_5_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Google Drive

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-delete*** command to support moving a file to Trash via the new *soft_delete* argument, in addition to the existing permanent delete behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-delete*** command to support moving a file to Trash via the new *soft_delete* argument.
```

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-delete*** command to support moving a file to Trash via the new ***soft_delete*** argument, in addition to the existing permanent-delete behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-delete*** command to support moving a file to Trash via the new *soft_delete* argument, in addition to the existing permanent delete behavior.
```

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-create*** command to support ownership transfer via the new *transfer_ownership* and *move_to_new_owners_root* arguments. Use these when promoting a user to file owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-create*** command to support ownership transfer via the new *transfer_ownership* and *move_to_new_owners_root* arguments when promoting a user to file owner.
```

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-create*** command to support ownership transfer via the new ***transfer_ownership*** and ***move_to_new_owners_root*** arguments. Use these when promoting a user to file owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-create*** command to support ownership transfer via the new *transfer_ownership* and *move_to_new_owners_root* arguments. Use these when promoting a user to file owner.
```

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-delete*** command with the new *ignore_not_found* argument so that already removed permissions are treated as success. Useful when removing many permissions in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-delete*** command with the new *ignore_not_found* argument, which allows already removed permissions to be treated as a success.
```

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-delete*** command with the new ***ignore_not_found*** argument so that already-removed permissions are treated as success. Useful when removing many permissions in a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-permission-delete*** command with the new *ignore_not_found* argument so that already removed permissions are treated as success. Useful when removing many permissions in a loop.
```

> - Updated the ***google-drive-file-permissions-list*** command to surface whether each permission is inherited and where it is inherited from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***google-drive-file-permissions-list*** command to indicate whether each permission is inherited and from where it is inherited.
```
